hey and welcome to another episode of
freshly baked with bug leaf and I'm but
Lee today you're in for a treat we're
doing the Super Bowl special yeah all
right so before we go and see some
sweaty men battling out on the TV I
figured we make some fucking delicious
to eat all right so today we're gonna
make bubbly nachos yeah all right so
we're gonna do this we use tostito tips
you can use any chips you want
I choose Tostitos it's I'm gonna use
some tostito salsa because um yeah keep
it in the family you know we love it you
know so good and we're gonna use just
cheese you know we're gonna put this all
in the oven we're gonna let it bake it's
gonna be fucking delicious because if
you use the microwave that's gonna make
the chip side and nothing spoils bubbly
nachos then fucking chips that are soggy
all right so let's prepare
so cheese in there now what I did was I
preheated the oven at 450 and then we're
gonna bake it at 420
and see what this magical plate will
look like what it's done yeah alright
now we're taking our product out of the
oven our bubbly nachos yeah so let's
take a look at it yeah it grew baby
it's a fucking bug leak nachos man
getting ready for the Super Bowl buddy
yeah you know you gotta do it you gotta
grab that shit yeah putting it into the
heisman to the Heinzmann yeah all right
oh man okay anyway let's let's do a we
we gotta do we got it right
mmm-hmm she can't go you have to pull up
she's blue power hey take take a minute
to look at the ingredients when you get
a chance that when you know how to make
it also like and subscribe you guys like
and subscribe me alright now until next
time my fellow munchy tears enjoy that
super bowl into the heisman
yeah alright